README.md, before:

# compeition-registration-service
This project is the backend system for a competition registration system. It allows administrators to create a competition in a database, and then allows users to create accounts and register themselves for competitions.

## Architecture Overview (TODO: Write)
High-level description of your services and their interactions.
More detail can be found in ./SYSTEM_ARCHITECTURE.md

## Prerequisites (TODO: Add versions and ensure everything here to run container)
Required software:
- Docker
- Docker Compose

## Installation & Setup (TODO: Write)
Step-by-step instructions to get the system running

## Usage Instructions (TODO: Write)
How to check health of your services (example curl commands or API endpoints)

## API Documentation (TODO: Write)
List of all health endpoints with request/response examples

## Testing (TODO: Write)
How to test the system (manual testing steps or test commands)

## Project Structure
competition-registration-system/\
├── .gitignore\
├── README.md\
├── CODE_PROVENANCE.md\
├── SYSTEM_ARCHITECTURE.md\
├── architecture-diagram.png\
├── docker-compose.yml\
├── admin-service/\
│&emsp;&ensp;├── Dockerfile\
│&emsp;&ensp;├── requirements.txt\
│&emsp;&ensp;├── main.py\
│&emsp;&ensp;└── models.py\
└── user-service/\
&emsp;&emsp; ├── Dockerfile\
&emsp;&emsp; ├── requirements.txt\
&emsp;&emsp; ├── main.py\
&emsp;&emsp; └── models.py

Commit message:

Adjustment in documentation to support change to coloring app idea.

README.md, after:

# coloring-app-backend
This project is the backend system for a coloring app. It allows users to register for the app, create custom templates, and store their works. The template service processes user images into templates and manages the public template database if users wish to share their templates.

## Architecture Overview (TODO: Write)
High-level description of your services and their interactions.
More detail can be found in ./SYSTEM_ARCHITECTURE.md

## Prerequisites (TODO: Add versions and ensure everything here to run container)
Required software:
- Docker
- Docker Compose

## Installation & Setup (TODO: Write)
Step-by-step instructions to get the system running

## Usage Instructions (TODO: Write)
How to check health of your services (example curl commands or API endpoints)

## API Documentation (TODO: Write)
List of all health endpoints with request/response examples

## Testing (TODO: Write)
How to test the system (manual testing steps or test commands)

## Project Structure
competition-registration-system/\
├── .gitignore\
├── README.md\
├── CODE_PROVENANCE.md\
├── SYSTEM_ARCHITECTURE.md\
├── architecture-diagram.png\
├── docker-compose.yml\
├── template-service/\
│&emsp;&ensp;├── Dockerfile\
│&emsp;&ensp;├── requirements.txt\
│&emsp;&ensp;├── main.py\
│&emsp;&ensp;└── models.py\
└── user-service/\
&emsp;&emsp; ├── Dockerfile\
&emsp;&emsp; ├── requirements.txt\
&emsp;&emsp; ├── main.py\
&emsp;&emsp; └── models.py
